#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
    #   trove-query-parser
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   trove-newspaper-images
bibtexparser==1.4.1
    # via pyzotero
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
branca==0.7.2
    # via folium
cattrs==24.1.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via pyzotero
filelock==3.16.0
    # via tldextract
folium==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
language-tags==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trove-newspaper-images
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
narwhals==1.6.2
    # via altair
natsort==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   folium
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
omeka-s-tools==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   omeka-s-tools
    #   trove-query-parser
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trove-newspaper-images
platformdirs==4.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via bibtexparser
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pyzotero
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
pyzotero==1.5.20
    # via -r requirements.in
rectpack==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   omeka-s-tools
    #   pyzotero
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
    #   trove-newspaper-images
    #   trove-query-parser
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   omeka-s-tools
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   surt
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
surt==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via surt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
trove-newspaper-images==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
trove-query-parser==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
voila==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==13.0.1
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2024.9.0
    # via folium

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
