#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via tuspy
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
arcp==0.2.1
    # via rocrate
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   frictionless
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via nbqa
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
bioblend==1.3.0
    # via gxformat2
black[jupyter]==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.0
    # via schema-salad
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via frictionless
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   rocrate
    #   typer
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
coverage==7.6.1
    # via nbval
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cachecontrol
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
frictionless==5.17.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
galaxy2cwl==0.1.4
    # via rocrate
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
giturlparse==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
gxformat2==0.20.0
    # via galaxy2cwl
humanize==4.10.0
    # via frictionless
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbval
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbqa
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   frictionless
    #   rdflib
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   rocrate
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbval
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-code-formatter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
marko==2.1.2
    # via frictionless
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   schema-salad
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   schema-salad
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbval
nbqa==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nbval==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
petl==1.7.15
    # via frictionless
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
platformdirs==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.0
    # via frictionless
pydantic-core==2.23.2
    # via pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rdflib
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbval
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   frictionless
    #   jupyter-client
    #   rocrate
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via frictionless
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   frictionless
    #   galaxy2cwl
    #   gxformat2
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   schema-salad
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bioblend
    #   cachecontrol
    #   frictionless
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   rocrate
    #   schema-salad
    #   tuspy
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via bioblend
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via frictionless
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.8.0
    # via typer
rocrate==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via schema-salad
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
schema-salad==8.7.20240905150001
    # via gxformat2
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simpleeval==0.9.13
    # via frictionless
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via frictionless
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via frictionless
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
tinydb==4.8.0
    # via tuspy
tokenize-rt==6.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   nbqa
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   nbqa
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
tuspy==1.0.3
    # via bioblend
typer==0.12.5
    # via frictionless
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   black
    #   frictionless
    #   gxformat2
    #   ipython
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via frictionless
virtualenv==20.26.4
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
yarl==1.11.1
    # via aiohttp
